Docs: reorganization of panel plugin topics (#961)
grafana/plugin-tools: docusaurus/docs/how-to-guides/panel-plugins/index.md

---
id: data-source-plugins
title: Data source plugins

> description: Learn how to perform common tasks in Grafana data source plugin development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to add additional functionality and capabilities to Grafana panel plugins.
```

Author: deleted duplicate. will alter description in other PR

keywords:
  - grafana
  - plugins
  - plugin
  - develop
  - development
  - panel
---

> Learn how to perform common tasks in Grafana panel plugin development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn how to add additional functionality and capabilities to Grafana panel plugins.
```

Author: done
